we
cope the girls today I make you
a video reminder because there is a big
contest that's taking place right now and I
wanted to talk to you about it so that you
may have just tried you
possibly gang
in fact what is a new site that has
been put online which is popular and
that's how he's going to give the
buying tips to have a beautiful
skin and all they sell them
good rejected products
so to celebrate in big openings
to see if you're decided to make a
contest that separated into two categories
so the first category is for
we keep it
so the people who are in the heart be a
blog or who are on youtube is actually
that they created it's a soup in
some every person in his talent
month these pretty divas is the person who
will have the most tags
I explain how to do after going
bring us a gift card
so in fact who made three shots
the three variants the first currency
a gift of 300 euros at Sephora
the second of 120 and the third of 80
euros and especially if I find the most
short dance that will put
the front for three months
the ten bloggers who have been the most
popular in quotation marks so for me
it would really be a great opportunity
to increase visibility all
that without me I find it absolutely
great to be in the top ten
so as such that's for the
first serving is what you can
do that brings us to the second
portion of the contest so that
bloggers and the most tags is that
you register on the site so
just do a tale like are
important what shame
by registering the tag of your bloggers
favorite than the but this winter at home
and by registering you create your
wii chemist whose you enter three
products you would absolutely like
prevail and they will draw
the new registered 10 wishlist of which
you have the chance to win three of
your favorite products
so I really encourage you in
shape because it's huge
there is really a lot of
very interesting outdoor products
and quality products so in you
signing
it's a tale it costs allies it's
free you have the chance to win
precisely to 10 people to win your
rich more than three products and at the same
time if you register by putting my
host hague
it allows me to have
more chances to find myself in the
first ten
but precisely on the page of the article
in very awesome have collected
german it would be really cool of
win the awards the stumps and its
close to make full of tutorials and
probably there are plenty of people
who block suffer competition after
but hey it me this time saw my goal
it's very brief in the church of this too
well you may have the chance to be
ask a little my visibility
this is the time that the contest is
open until May 3 I will write
how to make cohabit clear in my
video in the information base in
below I'm going to have questions
as usual my tv with the mind
hello thank you for voting for me
so register
and I really wish good
chances for you to win this
contest of which françois according to an idea
to hi the girls